Update configuration documentation page (#727)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/CONFIGURATION.md

### File modifications and deletions

> By default, Mountpoint supports writing only to new files. Writes to existing files are allowed if `--allow-overwrite` flag is set at startup time, but only when the `O_TRUNC` flag is used at open time to truncate the existing file. All writes must start from the beginning of the file and must be made sequentially. By default, Mountpoint does not allow deleting existing objects with commands like `rm`. If you want to allow file deletion, use the `--allow-delete` flag at startup time. Delete operations immediately delete the object from S3, even if the file is being read from. If you want to forbid all mutating actions on your S3 bucket, use the `--read-only` command-line flag. See the [file operations section](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/blob/main/doc/SEMANTICS.md#file-operations) of the semantics documentation for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Mountpoint allows creating new files but does not allow deleting or overwriting existing objects.

Writes to existing files are allowed if `--allow-overwrite` flag is set at mount time, but only when the `O_TRUNC` flag is used at open time to truncate the existing file. All writes must start from the beginning of the file and must be made sequentially.

If you want to allow file deletion, use the `--allow-delete` flag at mount time. Delete operations immediately delete the object from S3, even if the file is being read from.

If you want to forbid all mutating actions on your S3 bucket via Mountpoint, use the `--read-only` command-line flag.

For more details on the behavior of file operations with Mountpoint, see the [file operations section](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/blob/main/doc/SEMANTICS.md#file-operations) of the semantics documentation for more information. 
```
